Update IPA installation (#2655)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: techniques/ios/MASTG-TECH-0056.md

> Please note that iTunes is no longer available in macOS Catalina. If you are using an older version of macOS, iTunes is still available but since iTunes 12.7 it is not possible to install apps.

> ## Sideloadly

Reviewer: do you mind creating a TOOL file for this and linking it here?

Author: Sure. Let's track that as a new  issue in #2657

> [Sideloadly](https://sideloadly.io/ "Sideloadly") allows you to obtain a valid signature for a given IPA file and then install it to a connected iOS device. In addition to signing and installing an IPA file, Sideloadly also allows you to inject tweaks, change the App or Bundle name or make other limited modifications to the IPA meta data. Sideloadly is available on both macOS and Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Sideloadly](https://sideloadly.io/ "Sideloadly") allows you to obtain a valid signature for a given IPA file and then install it to a connected iOS device. In addition to signing and installing an IPA file, Sideloadly also allows you to inject tweaks, change the App or Bundle name or make other limited modifications to the IPA metadata. Sideloadly is available on both macOS and Windows.
```

!!! warning "Do not use your personal Apple account"

>     In order to sign an IPA file, you will need a valid iOS developer account, either free or paid. Both types come with certain restrictions, as explained on the Sideloadly website. We recommend creating a dedicated developer account for signing test applications, and to **not** use your personal Apple account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To sign an IPA file, you will need a valid iOS developer account, either free or paid. Both types come with certain restrictions, as explained on the Sideloadly website. We recommend creating a dedicated developer account for signing test applications, and **not** using your personal Apple account.
```

## ios-deploy

> On macOS you can also use the [ios-deploy](https://github.com/ios-control/ios-deploy "ios-deploy") tool to install iOS apps from the command line. You'll need to unzip your IPA since ios-deploy uses the app bundles to install apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On macOS you can also use the [ios-deploy](/MASTG/tools/ios/MASTG-TOOL-0054/) tool to install iOS apps from the command line. You'll need to unzip your IPA since ios-deploy uses the app bundles to install apps.
```

Author: Woops, I thought I was on the tools page itself.
